Surface error results to BuildRun (#930)
shipwright-io/build: docs/buildrun.md

### Understanding failed BuildRuns

[DEPRECATED] To make it easier for users to understand why did a BuildRun failed, users can infer from the `Status.FailedAt` field, the pod and container where the failure took place.

In addition, the `Status.Conditions` will host under the `Message` field a compacted message containing the `kubectl` command to trigger, in order to retrieve the logs.

> Lastly, users can check `Status.FailureDetails` to get a humanly-readable error message, reason, the failed pod and container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, users can check `Status.FailureDetails` field, which includes the same information available in the `Status.FailedAt` field, as well as  a humanly-readable error message and reason.
```
